---
"lang": "ja"
"title": "2023-08-07:Try Some New Things"
"date": "2023-08-07"
"category": "journals"
"featured": !!bool "false"
"tags":
- "Blog"
"coverImage": "/assets/blog/default.webp"
"summary": "記事の概要は現在準備中です。"
---

It seems the life is repeat and again , it's time to try some new things
<!-- more -->
## Background
The story was stared at last night , a normal weekends ,after dinner. 
I planed to do some exercise after dinner. But I took a little long time to find the dinner and also took some time to enjoy my dinner .

It is too late to do exercise , actually it is 8:00 pm ,not too late , just an excuse that don't want to do exercise. 
My plan is running 8 kilometers, the last time I Run such long distance was the beginning of this month .
It is august , So I planned to running 8 kilometers for each time in this month.But only did one time ,today is the 7th . 
I have to say I was too busy at night these days . 

But for a weekend ,it is another story , should be a rest day I think.

On the way to home ,I thought I can change the time to running . Maybe in the morning .
I can get up early and then will have enough time to do exercise and also learning Japanese .

So decided to start a 5am project. The point is not just get up at 5am , 
but also for doing something at the beginning of the day. 
The time is owned by yourself at this moment, at least before I go to the office 
and open my computer. I can do something I like without an interrupt 
and can do it as planning.

This is the last night of my 5am project , I need get up early from tomorrow.
So I  watched a TV show before go to the bed .

The TV show is [晩酌の流儀](https://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/banshaku2/), 
Miyuki Izawa, who works as a salesperson for a real estate company, 
always leaves work on time and is working hard every day to prepare for the best evening drink at the end of the day

I don't like drink ,just want to watch some Japanese TV shows , 
this story sounds interesting ,so watched the first episode.
It is beer for Miyuki's first  best evening drink.

The beer is [Kin-Mugi](https://www.suntory.co.jp/beer/kinmugi/products/),
Here is the introduction of this beer-lie beer . 
> Kin-Mugi is our flagship brand in the new "beer-like" beverage category.  Using Umami Malt, we craft Kin-Mugi with rich body and fragrant aroma. By extracting the savory components from the malt through our unique brewing method, Kin-Mugi delivers a full "umami" flavor up until the last drop.

Miyuki seems to enjoy the Kin-Mugi , and drink two cups . 
I suddenly want to drink this beer too, I want to try this .
I haven't found a good enough beer yet ,maybe this one will be different .

So I searched Kin-Mugi in some shopping site , a big surprise. 
The beer is very expensive, 329RMB half a dozen, and it is ships from Japan. 
I gave up on the idea of buying this beer, maybe I can drink it in some Japanese restaurant.

There is one restaurant sell Kin-Mugi ,but it is far from my hone.
Lucky me. just downstairs from my office. This was the beginning of today's story .

## Real Story
Every thing is as planing , I get up at 5:00 am and running 8 kilometers .
A litter tired ,But finished.
And for the dinner , I went to that restaurant downstairs from my office.

Not a lucky day , there are no Kin-Mugi, just asahi beer. 
I drink one cup , the taste seems like the other beer I have drunk,
I feel that the taste is average, maybe I really don't like alcoholic beverages, 
I prefer non-alcoholic beverages. 

After dinner, I went to an imported goods supermarket.
There were many beers, but they didn't have the one I wanted.
So I bought another ,There's a photo attached to the bottle that looks interesting.
It's probably an advertisement, and you can also upload your own photo. 
However, I'm not sure if it can be selected. 
As for the taste of the beer, I won't be able to try it until a few days later, 
but it seems that alcoholic beverages are not suitable for me. 
I think I'll stick to drinking soft drinks.

There is a bookstore[方所](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-cn/%E6%96%B9%E6%89%80) on the upper floor .
I haven't been to a bookstore and read a paper book for a long time. 
Maybe I can go to the store and buy some books, specifically Japanese books this year.
This bookstore not only sells books but also offers a variety of other cultural 
and creative products, including a coffee shop.

I don't have a specific book in mind, I just want to hang out.
There might be some new books .
One pleasure of browsing a bookstore is discovering new books that are beyond your expectations, rather than initially intending to seek them out.
I thought there would be some Japanese books, and there are, but there aren't many.
I am interested in photography books.

There are many photography books ,but none of them are in Japanese.
This bookstore is very large , so it's possible that I overlooked some corners.

However ,I still managed to come across some interesting things.
Great, there are some Japanese magazines! 
That's a big, big surprise! The price is also a big surprise.

It costs over 100 yuan for just one book. In my impression, 
magazines used to be around 10 yuan each,
but of course, the prices might have been around 3-4 yuan, which was about more than 10 years ago.

Books abroad are indeed quite expensive, and even e-books are no exception. This is understandable.

So how many magazines did I buy ?

The answer is 2. One is about hiking, and the other is about furniture.
It took me 258 yuan. 
However, my Japanese proficiency is still not sufficient to fully understand these two magazines.

Fortunately ,There are many pictures in the magazines , So I can still gather 
an idea of they are about . 
Additionally , with the presence of Chinese characters , 
even thought I amy not know how to pronounce them , I can still understand the meaning . 

Buying the magazines was completely unexpected,
but it's not a bad surprise，Even if it's a bit more expensive than expected. 

Not a bad day , I guess.